[Intro]
(keystrokes, mouse click, email whoosh sound: *swoosh!*)
"Subject: Unsolicited master for your consideration..."
(sigh) Fourth time this month.
David Liniker... knocking on industry doors made of fog.
Check it...

[Verse 1]
(punchy bouncy delivery, crisp consonants)
"Dear Executive, hope this email finds you well"
Another formal greeting in my personal purgatory cell
Sent twenty-four demos to an inbox in Soho
Followed up on LinkedIn like: "Did you hear the promo?"
Ghosted by the majors, ghosted by the indies
While the winter wind is rattling through my broken bedroom windies!
Tabby curled up on the modem, warming up his spine
Told me: "David, leave the suits alone, their ears are full of brine!"
Algorithms measuring retention on the scroll
They don't know the difference between plastic and a soul!

[Pre-Chorus]
(sub rolls, dusty horn stabs)
Click the link or leave it dead
I got sixteen melodies inside my head
No A&R advance, no corporate check
Just two purring beasts sitting on my neck!

[Chorus]
(anthem boom-bap hook, heavy head-nod swing)
Sent another prayer to an A&R's ghost!
(Toast to the unsigned living coast to coast!)
They want cookie-cutter trends made in two point five
We're keeping that nineties golden groove alive!
Liniker cooking with no industry machine
Roughest diamond that the underground has seen!

[Verse 2]
(theatrical comedic cadence)
I tracked the analytics on my private streaming link
Zero plays in thirty days! Man, what do they think?!
Probably sipping flat whites in a glass boardroom chair
Discussing TikTok dances while we're pulling out our hair!
Tuxedo gave a meow, smacked the mouse off the table
Said: "Forget the contract, we don't need a major label!
You got the SP-1200 drum swing in your vein
Now drop the next hook and let it wash away the pain!"

[Chorus]
Sent another prayer to an A&R's ghost!
(Toast to the unsigned living coast to coast!)
They want cookie-cutter trends made in two point five
We're keeping that nineties golden groove alive!
Liniker cooking with no industry machine
Roughest diamond that the underground has seen!

[Outro]
(soulful vocal chop loops out into tape delay)
Yeah... keep your advance, mate.
We're doing just fine in here.
Liniker... unsigned and unbothered.
(email notification deleted sound: *trash!*)