[Intro]
(can opener mechanical sound: *whirrr-clack!*)
(metal lid pops off, cats meowing loudly in unison)
Ladies and gentlemen, live from the bedroom sanctuary...
The winner of Best DIY Album of the Year is...
David Liniker!
(horn fanfare stabs, cat purrs over the mic)

[Verse 1]
(high-energy charismatic bounce, Fresh Prince cookout style)
Stacking empty tuna cans four stories high
Shiny tin trophies scraping at the bedroom sky
Tabby in the front row giving me a standing ovation
Tuxedo licking gravy with supreme appreciation!
Forget the golden phonograph in Los Angeles town
We got gourmet salmon foil for our royal crown!
I gave an acceptance speech holding up a wooden spoon:
"I want to thank the overdraft, the coffee, and the moon!
I want to thank the rent collector for being three days late
Allowing me the overtime to make this record great!"

[Pre-Chorus]
(brass swells, walking bassline slaps)
From the bottom to the top, from the tin to the gold
The greatest independent story that was ever told!
Hit the tambourine, let the snare drum crack
We ain't ever looking back!

[Chorus]
(big party chorus, stacked harmonies, horn hits)
Tuna Can Grammys shining in the dim!
(Two royal cats singing on the rim!)
We don't need a red carpet or a limousine
We're kings and sovereign rulers of the bedroom scene!
Liniker rocking while the neighbors shout: "Yeah!"
Golden-era music in the midnight air!

[Verse 2]
(witty animated storytelling)
Tabby took the podium, stepped right up to speak
Gave a little purr that lasted all through the week
He said: "David kept the pocket when the cupboards were bare
Fed us first-class poultry while he lived on prayer!
So here's the lifetime trophy made of aluminum plate
For the tightest ninety-five BPM in the state!"
Crowd of two went wild, knocking pencils on the floor
Best after-party behind a locked apartment door!

[Chorus]
Tuna Can Grammys shining in the dim!
(Two royal cats singing on the rim!)
We don't need a red carpet or a limousine
We're kings and sovereign rulers of the bedroom scene!
Liniker rocking while the neighbors shout: "Yeah!"
Golden-era music in the midnight air!

[Outro]
(funky horn solo, cheerful laughter)
Thank you! Thank you! No autographs, please.
Tabby, Tuxedo, we did it boys!
Liniker... certified bedroom platinum.
(applause sound effect fades into purring)